well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we're going to talk about
what trump may do after he leaves public
service isn't the right word after he
leaves public life
um what the president reject may
engage in when it comes to business
there's one idea that keeps popping up
and there are people on the right that
are just like super excited about it
i think i may be the only person who
doesn't support
trump who just can't wait to see what
happens
and then there are people who oppose
trump
who have genuine concerns about
what he might be able to do with the
platform now this idea of
of course is the idea of a
trump cable news network
realistically despite the president's
long history of very successful
business endeavors i'm not sure he
understands where the money comes from
sure
this network would certainly have an
audience millions would tune
in however
there are two things going against the
financial viability of this network
the first is the whole idea
is to reflect trump's
style his brand
the president is let's just say
economical with facts
that combined with the way he
describes people at times
might be a recipe for a lawsuit if
you're presenting it
as news that would probably impact the
bottom line
aside from that i am just
i can't wait to see who the advertisers
are
i don't know of many companies that
would willingly expose themselves to
boycott like that
realistically if this network is to
mimic trump's style
it is going to be controversial nonstop
there is going to be some inflammatory
statement made
every five minutes would you want your
company logo
your brand to show up right after that
probably not if
a company doesn't advertise on that
channel they don't risk alienating
anybody
nobody's going to be mad however if they
do
and trump or one of the pundits that he
hires
says something inflammatory and then
their logo shows up they catch the heat
they catch the boycott i don't know many
marketing agencies
that would say hey this is a great idea
this is a way
you can reach people i don't see it i
don't see it happening i don't see it
being economically viable
now the alternative to a cable news
network
would be an internet outlet now
that that he could probably make some
money at in the short term
he's definitely going to have the
audience and
the internet provides him with
advertisers
who are more uh
more insulated from the risk
so yeah i can see that
however there's another issue there a
lot of the stuff that the president says
the only reason it's allowed on social
media is because he's the president
a lot of his inflammatory statements go
against the terms of service
of major social media networks
when he is no longer the president they
won't carry those
he will probably not be able to get any
reach
on social media which is what drives
traffic
which is what you know gets people to
see the ads
see the reason i'm excited the reason
i'm kind of
looking forward to this is because the
president accepts responsibility for
nothing so
when inevitably this happens and his
viewership
tanks who's he going to blame
he won't take responsibility for himself
he will lash out at those who are too
lazy to go to his website
on their own he will lash out at his
base he will turn on them
the same way he has turned on everybody
else
and that may be the
great failure the dismal failure that
pushes trump out of the public eye
i personally cannot wait because i
honestly think that's
what's going to happen i would imagine
that a trump news network
will be the next bankruptcy in a long
string of bankruptcies
but more importantly
i think that it might uh
it might show his base his true colors
in a way they haven't seen because he
won't be able to wrap it
in the flag anymore he won't be able to
wrap it in this
era of legitimacy that comes with being
the president of the united states
i honestly see the final days of this
news network
with him holding up buckets of survival
food to sell
that's that's where i see this going
and i i will be there for it
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day